welcome my name is Sofia and now I'm
going to talk about interstellar in the
mid 21st century crop lights and dust
storms threaten humanity's survival corn
is the last viable crop the world has
also regressed into a post truth society
where younger generations are taught
ideas such as the Apollo moon missions
were faked
widowed engineer and former NASA pilot
Joseph Cooper is now a farmer living
with him a his father-in-law Donald his
15 year old son Tom and 10 year old
daughter
Murphy after a dust storm strange
patterns made from dust inexplicably
appear on Murphy's bedroom floor she
attributes the anomaly to a ghost
Cooper eventually deduces the patterns
were caused by gravity variations and
are a binary code for geographic
coordinates Cooper follows the
coordinates to a secret NASA facility
headed by Professor John brand Cooper's
former supervisor professor brand says
gravitational anomalies have happened
elsewhere 48 years earlier unknown
beings positioned the wormhole near
Saturn opening a path to a distant
galaxy with 12 potentially habitable
worlds located near a black hole named
gargantuan 12 volunteers traveled
through the wormhole to individually
survey the planets astronauts Miller
Edmunds and man reported positive
results based on their data professor
brand conceived two plans to ensure
humanity's survival planner involves
developing a gravitational propulsion
theory to propel a mass exodus while
plan B involves launching the endurance
spacecraft carrying 5,000 frozen human
embryos to colonize a habitable planet
Cooper is recruited to pilot the
endurance the crew includes scientists
dr amelia brand proof
the brand's daughter drive Bromley Drive
Doyle and robot stars encase before
leaving Cooper gives the distraught
Murphy his wristwatch to compare their
relative time for when he returns after
traversing the wormhole
Romilly studies the black hole while
Cooper Doyle and bran descend in a
landing craft to investigate Miller's
planet and ocean world after finding
wreckage from Miller's ship a gigantic
tidal wave kills Doyle and delays the
Landers departure due to the proximity
of the black hole time is severely
dilated as a result 23 years have
elapsed for Romilly on endurance by the
time Cooper and brand return Edmunds
planet has slightly better telemetry
while Mann broadcasts positive data
Cooper rules to use their remaining fuel
to reach Mann's planet on Mann's planet
the endurance crew revived him from
cryostasis
meanwhile Murphy now a scientist has
transmitted a message announcing
professor brand has died she has learned
that plan a requiring unattainable data
from within a black hole was never
viable Plan B was always professor
brands only option Murphy accuses Amelia
and Cooper of knowing those left on
earth were doomed Mann's frozen planet
is uninhabitable
he sent falsified data in order to be
rescued man attempts to murder Cooper
then escapes in a lander and heads for
endurance
Romilly is killed by Mann's booby trap
and Amelia and Cooper race to the
endurance in another Lander man dies
during a failed manual docking operation
severely damaging endurance after a
difficult docking maneuver Cooper
regains control of endurance with
insufficient fuel to reach Edmunds
planet they use a slingshot maneuver so
close to Gargantua
time dilation adds another 51 years in
the process Cooper and tars jettisoned
themselves to shed weight and ensure
endurance reaches Edmunds planet
slipping through the event horizon of
gargantuan they are checked from their
respective craft and find themselves
inside a massive tesseract possibly
constructed by future humans across
different time periods Cooper can see
through the bookcases of Murphy's old
room on earth and weekly interact with
its gravity Cooper realizes he was
Murphy's ghost and manipulates the
second hand of the wristwatch he gave
her using Morse code to transmit the
quantum data that tars collected from
inside the event horizon Cooper and tars
are ejected from the tesseract Cooper
awakens on a space habitat orbiting
Saturn where he reunites with an elderly
Murphy using the quantum data sent by
Cooper the younger Murphy solved the
gravitational propulsion theory for plan
a enabling humanity's exodus and
survival nearing death and with her own
family
Murphy urges Cooper to return to Amelia
Cooper and tars take a spacecraft to
rejoin Amelia and case on Edmunds
habitable planet thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]